hey guys grifton here and today we are
doing the feral loot list for phase
three that's going to include black
temple and mount hyjal sorry i put this
off but it's been a busy week with the
ptr and the phase two nerfs and the
holidays in the way so there are a few
things i want to discuss before we begin
regarding the loop because there are
some unique features to some of this
gear i want to get out of the way keep
in mind these are my opinions and you're
welcome to disagree with me okay first
there is haste gear now so you're going
to start seeing gear with haste on it
now if you go back to the days of
classic vanilla haste was your bread and
butter that was referred to as attack
speed literally farming those malls all
day so you could increase the attack
speed now in in tbc haste isn't that big
of a deal for bear because we aren't
relying on our auto attack anymore we
have buttons to press mangle swipe last
right so i'm skewing away from haste if
you want to go down that haste route let
me know how it goes i love your
experience especially if you are a feral
dps purely and you decide to do the
hasting okay second is armor penetration
so it's not called that officially yet
but you'll start seeing gear with things
like your attacks ignore x of your
opponent's armor and this stat can be
great for all physical damage dealers
however in order for it to become great
you need a lot of it the first off
pieces will likely go to the hunters and
the rogues take them when you can but i
wouldn't put them as high prio or abyss
for yourself just try to get them again
feel free to disagree with me and do
your own thing let me know if it works
out i have no shame in being wrong okay
and third this one's pretty familiar by
now to your gear like to just get it out
of the way you will want tear gear in
phase three i'm going to put that out
there now so we don't have to address it
for each piece now there are five pieces
of tear gear in phase three and phase
five there will be three pieces giving a
total of eight pieces for one set this
will allow for more flexibility if you
want to swap out tier and still get the
set bonuses but we have a while before
that's a concern the set bonuses for our
tier year are pretty solid though
for both the two and the four set bonus
so you'll likely be wearing the full set
or maybe four piece with expertise
gloves now keep in mind you will be
wearing this for a long time because uh
you've got phase three now base four za
and phase five will also include tier
six so don't don't uh skimp on your gems
don't skimp on your enchants get the
best you can
as i discussed in my other video tier is
now being shared with mages and rogues
so as a tank you should be top prior of
course that's going to vary from guild
to guilt okay out of the way let's
actually get into the gear so first we
got rage winter chill
deadly cuffs two stars now um
pvp wrists and the insidious bands from
taran are better but if you're still
rocking the old bracers this is likely a
nice non-vis upgrade i wouldn't put too
much effort into trying to get it though
two stars
and that's it for rage so let's go down
to nephron so he's got two pieces the
don aliandro's money belt and the pillar
of ferocity now uh dylan andrews is
actually really solid if you have belts
of 100 deaths you don't really want this
but if you are still waiting for this
you might want to pick this up until you
get about 200 deaths yes i still think
you should continue to go for that it is
very good um but in the meantime this
one will this one will be probably an
upgrade for you um so i give it three
stars pillar ferocity decent mitigation
uh now if you've got the merciless
gladiator mall that's going to be better
however that's pvp
and a lot of people aren't going to have
that so you're going to go ahead and
just grab this and this is going to be
your new upgrade
and you're going to use it for both cat
and
for bear
but if you can get them all it's a
better piece so i only gave it four
stars because technically there is an
upgrade all right now casual
we've got the razer fury mantle and the
black featherlight boots um the mantel
has decent stats
but you'll be either wearing tear gear
or shoulder pads as a stranger or
something different and they're
definitely gonna be better too because
the stats are pretty decent but there's
not even a gem slot so whatever
um black featherlight boots bad just
pass um i only give this one star you'll
likely either be wearing some pvp boots
or one of the two boots from black
temple the shadowmaster boots or the
treads of the dead mother you get from
trash which both have uses where this
one doesn't really fall into
i don't know i guess maybe a threat tank
with a hit
but it doesn't have any gems it's it's
not as flexible as either pieces
obviously the other one's just pure
mitigation but yeah i would just go
ahead and pass on this if you don't have
anything to upgrade to um and you see
these and they're an upgrade for what
you currently have grab them but
try to get the black temple boots
instead either one of them okay asgalar
so you've got the shed sorry the shady
dealers pantaloons and this is the first
armor penetration piece we've seen so
far uh so i'm giving pretty much armor
pen threes across the board because they
are worth getting but they're not worth
taking from a rogue or a hunter excuse
me
i'd still grab these if you're going to
go for the armor pen set though because
eventually you're probably going to want
to try out this armor pen
archimonde so all he has is the midnight
chest guard he also technically has the
helm the tier helm so it is worth noting
that but alright talk about that you'll
be wearing tear for this chest guard as
well
so it does have a nice gem and nice hit
if you're doing something outside of
tier this might be worth grabbing but i
only give it two stars because again
you'll be wearing tear
and then for mount hyjal the last is the
trash so all we have is pepe's shroud of
pacification now great stam and dodge it
doesn't have the armor for mitigation
and the hit isn't that great for threat
i mean it's you know it's still hit um
it's situational though maybe fighting
elementals as armor doesn't matter
against them and more hp is a better you
know stat to have particularly against
non-physical damage dealers but yeah i
only give it a two star because there
are better cloaks all right negentis
this is black temple stuff so uh yeah
we're starting at magentas mantle of
darkness nothing special here you'll
want tear over these one star
pretty much that's the end of it uh
let's do supremacy now four pieces here
that we're talking about um we've got
another chest again two stars because
the tier is going to be better for you
with another shadow tunic then you've
got the choker of endless nightmares oh
man i put a lot of time into figuring
out how i feel about this so
this is a very good dps uh neck however
it has zero mitigation like zero it has
no stamina no agility
no armor no diff it is nothing
if you are going for heavy threat this
is a good piece for you to grab
however i don't think balance or
mitigation tanks would want this they're
just better choices um
so i put it as a three i could see you
arguing a four or five but honestly like
because it's mostly dps
i would put this i would still try to
grab this maybe for a heavy threat set
or if you're if you're doing a lot of
cadding this would be something i would
grab for your cat set but i wouldn't
stress too much about it for being a
bear especially if you're a model bear
okay uh but again your own opinion uh
the next thing up is band of the abyssal
lord so
uh it's a nice ring it's it's
situational good for tanking
non-physical damage 50 stamina on a ring
is crazy high
but this will not fall into your regular
tank set um there's just too many better
choices for either threat or just
different types of mitigation
but i would especially if you're not a
non-pvp or looking for some defense this
might be a good choice because it does
have that hit on there which is going
excuse me going to help you um if you're
going heavy mitigation to at least
generate more threat
uh but yeah i only give it two stars
okay idol of the white stag
now go ahead and get this because i'll
be true it's true it's specific anyway
if you don't know what totem swing is
essentially people are going to try to
totem twist this where they're going to
put this on mangle and then swap to the
raven idol for 20 seconds if you're not
that sweaty it's still a nice idol even
for just soloing but the the raven is
really solid too so only give it four
stars because if you just stuck to the
raven idol you'd be fine however there
is scenarios where this could be really
helpful for your threat um
especially if you are randomly put into
a healer group where uh your
leader of the pack isn't benefiting
anybody
this is going to be better 100
okay uh but that's it for uh
supremacists let's go to shade of akama
so shade's got the shadow walker's cord
and the ring of deceitful intent now
this is your first taste piece
um if you haven't seen one yet this is
it bruce haste by 37.
so
i again i'm i'm going away from haste
plus there's the belt of 100 deaths
which is going to be better anyway so i
would go ahead and just pass on this but
if you're going for the haste this is
one of the pieces you're looking for uh
the ring of deceitful intent is actually
a nicely static ring um it's got the
edgy it's got nice stamina it's got hit
rating however there are so many other
rings out there i only give this a three
because you're probably gonna be rocking
a band of the eternal champion shape
shifter maybe still using one of the
mitigation rings for the defense cap
there's just too many rings i wouldn't
fight for this just because yeah you're
gonna have you'll be sitting on like 10
rings already okay
so let's just drop down to uh gurtak
blood boil
he's got unstoppable aggressors ring so
i only give this one star uh i know
strength is still beneficial to bears
but honestly like i just talked about
there are better rings um i just would
pass on this it's probably gonna be
taken
by i don't know a physical damage dealer
maybe a warrior but yeah i wouldn't
bother uh and the other item is shadow
moon insignia now i personally really
want this thing however it is a
situational ring so or sorry trinket um
it has defense rating very high defense
rating on a uh on a trinket it's got
dodge trading which is really good and
it has one of those increase your
maximum health by 1750. now
this is pure mitigation obviously
defense and dodge and boosting your
health however if you're doing the meme
of building out an avoidance set this is
the avoidance trinket you want um this
is going to pair really well if you've
got morose's lucky pocket watch and or
other things like that just because
defense is going to give you dodge dodge
is going to give you dodge and having
that extra increase your maximum health
is really nice
but again it's very situational so i'm
only going to give it three stars
uh okay that's done with blood boil
let's go down to reliquary of the lost
uh so we've got grips of damnation and
pendant of titan so grip standard
another haste piece here
um again i'm just gonna put it as a two
because obviously i think the expertise
gloves are gonna be better either one of
them um and
i'm not a fan of haste plus there's also
tier pieces which are better so
yeah i only give that two stars a
pendant of titans lots of spam defense
and dodge with some hit not horrible but
more mitigation that i usually go for
with the neck if you're a non-pvp this
is probably going to replace the barb
choker as a direct upgrade
so if you are wearing the barb choker
this is just the upgraded version of it
if you're already using a threat uh neck
or a pvp neck you're probably just going
to want to skip on this however it's
it's decently static okay so now we're
going to do
next boss is taran gorfing
so he's got two items the shadow moon
destroy your stripe now the only reason
i give that's not the only reason okay
probably the best threat cloak you can
get right now um but it's probably gonna
be contested it's uh if you're a threat
pumper this is likely your upgrade i
only give it four stars because
it's it's more of a dps uh cloak i know
you're going to want this go ahead and
get it but i mean the dps is going to be
fighting you for it as well so
yeah do whatever you got to do and there
are other cloaks there's obviously a
mitigation cloak you can wear too
uh okay and the other item insidious
bands also four stars non-pvp ears these
are your best bracers if you're getting
pvp racers these are a slight upgrade
and threat but they don't offer the
balance the pvp bracers give you so i'd
still wear pvp bracers however if you
are going away or if you're um catting a
lot this is the one to grab
go ahead and just pick it up
uh but yeah four stars
okay next up is mother shiraz now the
only item for mother shiraz is the
shadow masters boots really nice boots
double gem great stats uh wish there was
some hit but whatever no worries um but
these are really good boots are these
the ones i'm gonna be grabbing
so i i give them five stars because they
are pretty much an upgrade to
uh edge walkers if that's what you're
wearing so i would definitely pick these
up really quick again missing the hit
but other than that
let's move down to illidari council so
madness of the prayer it does have an
armor pen sort of
it's a chance at armor pen essentially
this is the best threat trinket you can
get right now it'll likely be contested
by all the dps that are doing armor pen
sets but if you're looking to upgrade
brooch this is a nice way to do it i'm
actually going to go five because it is
a very nice
trinket the chances of you getting it
are probably a little bit lower than you
would want uh but you never know that
might pry out you we'll see okay but
that was the only item there so let's
drop down to illidan
stormrage okay so we've got cursed
vision of sargeras and stormrage signet
ring now the cursed vision looks cool i
know that has no value towards actually
using it but it's like the blindfold on
people so if you're like a night elf it
looks pretty cool anyway a great onion
but you'll also have tier helm or wolf's
heads you're probably not going to wear
this um we are getting closer and closer
to not having to wear hel on wolf's head
because the stats are getting better and
better
i don't think we're there yet
i wouldn't grab this but it's still
three stars because it is a decent piece
um storm range signet ring i give three
stars as well
it's got the armor pen on it um that's
pretty much why uh it's actually a nice
ring with armor pen uh and that's
yeah three stars okay and that is it for
bosses now we've just got the trash
so we have treads of the dead mother if
you're wearing boots of natural grace
this is the upgrade to it great
mitigation boots and obviously made for
bears you'll get them first anyway i
give it four stars because it is still
only mitigation uh the other items are
choker of the serrated blades and band
of devastation so choker is another
armor pen
neck so again if you're doing the armor
pen route this is where you grab it
and band of devastation is the haste
ring so if you're going ace this is it
and it's got some decent uh hp on it for
a ring so keep that in mind uh the only
thing left are patterns there are only
two patterns that are worth discussing
and that's a pattern
sorry the swift strike racers and the
swift strike shoulders now um uh these
are haste so i
put them as two stars but if you're
going hey this is what you pick up
so you know if that's that's you're
going for there are a lot of patterns in
black temple in my high gel but there's
only two that actually affect ferals so
and these are them and they're both
haste
anyway but that's it that's all the gear
we wanted to talk about i hope i covered
everything if i missed something please
let me know if you have any questions or
comments or if you disagree with one of
my ratings or choices or whatever feel
free to put it in the comments
if you like this kind of content feel
free to subscribe as i'm putting out
content all the time and as always guys
take care